[{'title': 'Hard: Cocaine Love Stories (Urban Books)', 'author': 'Ashley Antoinette', 'average_rating': '4.55', 'ratings_count': '56', 'published_year': 'N/A', 'description': 'N/A'}, {'title': 'Hygge: The Danish Art of Happiness: The Complete Book of Hygge (Hygge Life, Hygge Books, Hygge Habits, Hygge Christmas, Hygge Lifestyle, Art of Happiness, ... Concept of Hygge) (Hygge Lifestyle Books 1)', 'author': 'Britta Olsson', 'average_rating': '3.61', 'ratings_count': '329', 'published_year': 'N/A', 'description': ' THE COMPLETE BOOK OF HYGGE! The fashion for everything Scandinavian once again swept the world. Now it has spread not only to minimalist furniture and designer clothes, but also to lifestyle. Career and personal growth is being replaced by the desire for comfort and small everyday pleasures. In the world, popularity of hygge is rapidly growing - the philosophy of a happy life that arose in Denmark. \xa0Hygge is a Danish word that denotes the state of comfort, peace of mind and security that we experience, when sitting by a fireplace, when the wind blows outside or it’s snowing. Warm, quiet lighting is also hygge, just as leisurely gatherings with friends or when you curl up with a book under the blanket.Mass interest in the phenomenon of hygge and the desire to be in a comfortable environment is a natural reaction to the increasingly troubled atmosphere in the world. Solving global problems is not so simple, but in the intervals between the salvation of the world you can enjoy the perfection of the little things.Hygge means the ability to appreciate the ordinary pleasures of life and enjoy the moment. Hygge is creating a warm atmosphere, enjoying good moments of life with your family. It is possible to approach the full understanding of this phenomenon only if you spend time in a relaxed warm atmosphere with those you love.Hygge can be experienced anywhere and at any time, although Danes find hygge mostly in the comfort of their homes. A 30-Day Hygge Challenge will show you how simple it is to live a hygge live and why hygge became so popular. This book tells you how to become happy and how to let hygge into your life by covering the following topics: \n   What is Hygge? \n   Hygge Lifestyle \n   Hygge and Feeling Good \n   30-Day Hygge Challenge. Hygge habits. \n \n\n\nGet you copy now! Free with Kindle Unlimited!\n'}, {'title': "Let's Get Visible: How To Get Noticed And Sell More Books (Let's Get Digital, #2)", 'author': 'David Gaughran', 'average_rating': '4.23', 'ratings_count': '817', 'published_year': '2013', 'description': "Take your sales to the next level! The author of the award-winning, bestselling Let's Get Digital is back with an advanced guide for more experienced self-publishers. There are over 1.5 million books in the Kindle Store, with thousands more added every day. How do you get yours noticed? Visibility isn’t a challenge that can be bested once - it requires continual work. But there are tools and strategies to do much of the heavy lifting for you. In Let’s Get Visible: How To Get Noticed And Sell More Books, you'll discover how to:* Leverage Amazon's famous recommendation engine to take advantage of the various opportunities it provides for exposure* Position your books for discoverability on other sales venues* Minimize the time you spend promoting so you have more time to spend writing* Promote in a cost-effective way that actually worksBy using these tips, you will get your book noticed. And getting noticed is the key to growing your sales."}, {'title': 'Goosebumps Horrorland Collection By R L Stine 18 Books Collection Set Pack', 'author': 'R.L. Stine', 'average_rating': '4.41', 'ratings_count': '345', 'published_year': 'N/A', 'description': "Goosebumps HorrorLand the best-selling horror series is still the must-have read for true horror fans. Fright-freaks will relish this collector's set containing all 18 titles in the HorrorLand arc. Readers will find themselves trapped in the theme park which becomes more and more horrific with each book. Who or what is behind the evil plot to assemble these kids. Titles include Revenge of the Living Dummy, Creep from the Deep, Monster Blood for Breakfast, The Scream of the Haunted Mask, Dr. Maniac vs. Robby Schwartz, Who's Your Mummy, My Friends Call Me Monster, Say Cheese and Die Screaming, Welcome to Camp Slither, We Have Strange Powers, Escape from HorrorLand, The Streets of Panic Park, When the Ghost Dog Howls, Little Shop of Hamsters, Heads, You Lose, Weirdo Halloween, Wizard of Ooze, Slappy NewYear, The Horror at Chiller House."}, {'title': 'Brotherhood Protectors Boxed Set 1: Books 1-3 (Brotherhood Protectors #1-3)', 'author': 'Elle James', 'average_rating': '4.38', 'ratings_count': '411', 'published_year': 'N/A', 'description': 'First 3 books in the Brotherhood Protectors SeriesMONTANA SEALFormer SEAL and shining Hollywood starlet struggle against their burgeoning desire while trying to stay alive in the crosshairs of a murderous stalker.BRIDE PROTECTOR SEALA Navy SEAL bodyguard and his client’s bride struggle with rising desire while fighting to stay alive in the mountains of Montana.MONTANA D-FORCEFormer Delta Force soldier and troubled LA screenwriter struggle against their burgeoning desire while trying to stay alive in the crosshairs of a murderous rapist.'}, {'title': 'The Clockwork Muse: A Practical Guide to Writing Theses, Dissertations & Books', 'author': 'Eviatar Zerubavel', 'average_rating': '3.84', 'ratings_count': '388', 'published_year': '1999', 'description': 'For anyone who has blanched at the uphill prospect of finishing a long piece of writing, this book holds out something more practical than hope: it offers a plan. The Clockwork Muse is designed to help prospective authors develop a workable timetable for completing long and often formidable projects.The idea of dashing off a manuscript in a fit of manic inspiration may be romantic, but it is not particularly practical. Instead, Eviatar Zerubavel, a prolific and successful author, describes how to set up a writing schedule and regular work habits that will take most of the anxiety and procrastination out of long-term writing, and even make it enjoyable. The dreaded ‘writer’s block’ often turns out to be simply a need for a better grasp of the temporal organization of work.The Clockwork Muse rethinks the writing process in terms of time and organization. It offers writers a simple yet comprehensive framework that considers such variables as when to write, for how long, and how often, while keeping a sense of momentum throughout the entire project. It shows how to set priorities, balance ideals against constraints, and find the ideal time to write. For all those whose writing has languished, waiting for the “right moment,” The Clockwork Muse announces that the moment has arrived.'}, {'title': 'Sheppard Lee, Written by Himself (New York Review Books Classics)', 'author': 'Robert Montgomery Bird', 'average_rating': '3.66', 'ratings_count': '281', 'published_year': '1836', 'description': "Originally published in 1836.Sheppard Lee, Written By Himself is a work of dark satire from the early years of the American Republic. Published as an autobiography and praised by Edgar Allan Poe, this is the story of a young idler who goes in search of buried treasure and finds instead the power to transfer his soul into other men's bodies. What follows is one\xa0increasingly practiced body snatcher's\xa0picaresque journey through early American pursuits of happiness, as each new form Sheppard Lee assumes disappoints him anew while making him want more and more. When Lee's metempsychosis draws him into the marriage market, the money market, and the slave market, Bird's fable of American upward mobility takes a more sinister turn. Lee learns that everything in America, even virtue and vice, are interchangeable; everything is an object and has its price.\xa0\xa0Looking forward to Melville's The Confidence-Man and beyond that to William Burroughs’s Naked Lunch , this strange and compelling story is a penetrating critique of American life and values as well as\xa0a crucial addition to the canon of American literature."}, {'title': 'The Last City Omnibus: (The Complete Last City Series, Books 1-6)', 'author': 'Kevin Partner', 'average_rating': '4.44', 'ratings_count': '461', 'published_year': 'N/A', 'description': 'Spared the fires of a devastating nationwide terrorist attack, one small town fights for survival against overwhelming odds. Get the complete best-selling series all in one package! From the #1 best-selling post-apocalyptic author of Final Dawn, Surviving the Fall and MELT comes a new series that is both frightening and captivating. When explosions ring out across the country, the town of Hope is mysteriously spared from the apocalyptic disaster. Waking up the morning after, the residents of the town quickly come to realize that they are an oasis in a vast hellscape, with threats looming on all sides. While some in the town fight for the survival of all, a few have more sinister plans, seeking to exploit Hope\'s status for their own benefit. Allies become enemies and the old adage of "the enemy of my enemy is my friend" rings true as Hope fights to survive the firestorm. The Last City is a 6-part thrilling post-apocalyptic series that will take you a character-driven journey like you\'ve never experienced before. Written by Kevin Partner and Mike Kraus, The Last City will take you across post-apocalyptic America as individuals struggle against the elements, other people and their own nature as they struggle to find a way to survive in the end of days. This complete box set contains books 1-6 of the Last City series.'}, {'title': 'Free Romance Books and Novels', 'author': 'B. Perry', 'average_rating': '3.15', 'ratings_count': '163', 'published_year': '2013', 'description': 'FREE ROMANCE BOOKS AND NOVELS  Looking for free romance books and novels? Discover where to find them here. If you have looked for free books yourself, you will now how frustrating it can be. You can spend hours after hours searching, and still not find free stories that are good enough to read.  This book solves the problem. Here in one convenient volume, you have access to a vast range of resources where you can find free romance novels to download. This directory gives you the means to fill your Kindle or other e-reading device with enough books to keep you occupied for years. And every resource is totally legal, so you can download without worrying.  Looking for a steamy read? We’ve got plenty. You will discover:  • How to find best-selling romance novels while they are on free promotion • Where to find free books from major romance publishers • Tons of resources where you can find both new and classic romance novels free • Hot sites where you can download even hotter free content • Advice on how to get all these free romance novels onto your e-reader  To get a taste of what’s inside, just scroll up and click ‘Send Sample Now’ on the right-hand side. These free romance books and novels will keep you up all night!'}, {'title': 'The Complete DCI Harriet Martens Mysteries Books 1–7 (Harriet Martens #1-7)', 'author': 'H.R.F. Keating', 'average_rating': 'really', 'ratings_count': 'avg', 'published_year': 'N/A', 'description': "In this 7-book box set:BOOK 1: THE HARD DETECTIVEDCI Martens' successful yet unyielding ‘Stop the Rot’ campaign has provoked local criminals. Now two of her officers have been murdered within hours of each other — the circumstances echoing the Book of Exodus, “a life for a life, an eye for an eye...”.BOOK 2: A DETECTIVE IN LOVEBritain’s number one tennis star has been murdered in the grounds of her luxurious home. And Harriet is now in charge of a case that will have the world’s media out in force. But it’s not the investigation that’s about to turn her world upside down.BOOK 3: A DETECTIVE UNDER FIREDCI Martens has been secretly summoned to London, to investigate corruption in the country’s most prestigious crime-fighting the Maximum Crimes Squad. While facing opposition from the squad’s head, she also becomes embroiled in the sinister plots of its current target.BOOK 4: THE DREAMING DETECTIVEDCI Martens is making use of the latest DNA techniques to investigate a cold case. Known as the Boy Preacher, the victim was strangled in the ballroom of the city’s Imperial Hotel. But forensics fail her, and Harriet must rely on her own skills to ferret out the motives of her seven suspects – both dead and alive.BOOK 5: A DETECTIVE AT DEATH’S DOORHarriet Martens finds herself in grave danger from a deft and cunning poisoner. When she wakes up in hospital, she tries to come to terms with the fact that someone wants her dead. But before she can draw up a list of suspects, the poisoner strikes again.BOOK 6: ONE MAN AND HIS BOMBHarriet takes great pride in her sons, who have followed in her footsteps by joining London’s police force. When she learns that one of them has died, her world falls apart. But the authorities are on full anti-terror alert and Harriet is leading a crucial investigation. She has no choice but to focus on her work, all the while fending off grief and her unceasing fear for her surviving son.BOOK 7: RULES, REGS AND ROTTEN EGGSOn the verge of resignation, Detective Martens takes charge of a case that she views as an attempted assassination. But as she works to uncover the truth behind the attack on a local politician, Martens is consistently denied access and finds that no matter what she does, she’s always one step behind."}, {'title': 'The Clifton Chronicles, Books 1-4: Only Time Will Tell; The Sins of the Father; Best Kept Secret; Be Careful What You Wish For', 'author': 'Jeffrey Archer', 'average_rating': '4.33', 'ratings_count': '600', 'published_year': '2015', 'description': '#1 New York Times and international bestselling author Jeffrey Archer\'s Clifton Chronicles series has taken the world by storm, with 2.5 million copies in print in English. This multi-generational, multi-volume saga of fate, fortune, and redemption follows the Clifton and Barrington families on a breathtaking journey from 1920 all the way through the present. Here together for the first time in an eBook bundle are the first four Clifton Chronicles novels:\nOnly Time Will Tell\n\n\nThe first book in the Clifton Chronicles begins in 1920 with the words, "I was told that my father was killed in the war," launching the story of Harry Clifton, the hero of Archer\'s epic tale, and taking him as far as the beginning of WWII.\nThe Sins of the Father\n\n\nOn the run from a terrible family secret, Harry Clifton joins the Merchant Navy on the eve of WWII and must escape both the consequences of assuming another soldier\'s identity and the horrors of war.\nBest Kept Secret\n\n\nNow that Harry and the love of his life are free to marry, the powerful Clifton Chronicles moves into the 1950s and the boyhood of Harry\'s son Sebastian.\nBe Careful What You Wish For\n\n\nAs the popular Clifton Chronicles advances to the 1960s, Harry\'s nemesis Don Pedro Martinez will stop at nothing to get his revenge on Harry on his family.'}, {'title': 'The Four Horsemen : Books 4-7', 'author': 'L.J. Swallow', 'average_rating': '4.26', 'ratings_count': '295', 'published_year': 'N/A', 'description': "\nWill their Fifth bring the apocalypse the Four Horsemen were sent to stop, or is she here to save the world from chaos and destruction?\n\nThis box set contains Books 4 - 7 of the\xa0Four Horsemen reverse harem urban fantasy series: GUARDIANS, CHAOS, DESCENT and RECKONING. Books 1-3 must be read first and are also available as a box set.\n\nGUARDIANS\n\nAssassins, ancient magic, and the mysterious Collector bring new challenges to the Horsemen and Vee. Can the five find the answers they need before it's too late?\nThree humans are dead, and the search is on for the surviving member from Vee’s online group. If he’s alive, Seth could hold the key to who’s behind the attacks -- and why the group are targets.Thanks to their broken alliance with the fae, the Four Horseman and Vee must turn to others for help and are pulled deeper into the supernatural underworld. The danger the world faces is greater than they imagined, and someone is determined the Five\xa0will fail.The Four Horsemen will each do whatever it takes to protect Vee, but as their\xa0relationship intensifies, so does her power. How powerful can she become and at what cost to the Horsemen’s future?\nCHAOS\n\nQuestions will be answered.\xa0Trust will be rebuilt.\xa0And the true threat to the world will be revealed.\nThe threat to the Four Horsemen and the world continues, but now they have solid leads and are closer to uncovering who is behind the attacks. Vee and the Four become closer as barriers fall and trust grows, yet one person remains worried about what will happen if Vee reaches full power.An opportunity to regain Portia’s trust, some help from a supernatural mercenary, and an investigation into the Myriad Foundation reveal more answers about the chaos surrounding them.Everything slots into place but the big picture isn’t what they expected. What will happen if the only way forward for the Horsemen is an alliance with their enemies?\nDESCENT\nThe Four Horsemen are left reeling from their discovery that the world is threatened by something greater than anybody imagined.\xa0Now the group are forced into an uneasy alliance with old enemies. But can they\xa0be trusted?The group discover the shocking answer to who Vee is, why she's here, and her connection to Chaos is revealed. As the pieces join together and the Horsemen find out more about their identities, their place in the world becomes clearer too.\nRECKONING\n\nThe book talks about Truth, Chaos and Order. But what about Love?\nNow the shocking truth about Vee’s identity is revealed, the five are forced from to leave the UK in pursuit of the god threatening to end the world.But Chaos hasn’t finished his games yet. The countdown is on to stop the portals opening and to discover his whereabouts.The arrival of new allies sends shockwaves through the group when they discover Joss’s theories are true. But with them comes new hope.And following\xa0one more stunning twist about Vee’s identity, and her connection to them, the five discover their place in the world is much bigger than they realised.\nContinue following the lives of Vee and the Four Horsemen through addictive books filled with action, supernatural suspense and magic.\n"}, {'title': 'Works by George R. R. Martin (Book Guide): Books by George R. R. Martin, Novels by George R. R. Martin, Short Stories by George R. R. Martin', 'author': 'Books LLC', 'average_rating': '4.36', 'ratings_count': '325', 'published_year': '2010', 'description': 'N/A'}, {'title': "The Big Book of Five Nights at Freddy's: The Deluxe Unofficial Survival Guide", 'author': 'Triumph Books', 'average_rating': '4.46', 'ratings_count': '39', 'published_year': 'N/A', 'description': "Step into the haunted and hair-raising world of Five Nights at Freddy's !With animatronic animals, dark shadows, creepy vibes, and an ever-present sense of doom, Five Nights at Freddy's has been perfecting its formula for scares since the first game debuted in 2014. The Big Book of Five Nights at Freddy's is the ultimate guide to this immersive universe, providing comprehensive tips, tricks, and strategies for every game in the series.\xa0Additional topics covered include the history of the rapidly expanding franchise as well as the fascinating storylines that are cleverly woven throughout the games, all accompanied by full-color gameplay photos.\xa0This deluxe hardcover volume is perfect as a collectible for the experienced fan or a practical guide for new thrill-seekers."}, {'title': 'Last Stand: The Complete Gunn & Salvo Series (Books 1-8) (Complete Series Box Sets)', 'author': 'Joshua James', 'average_rating': '4.50', 'ratings_count': '516', 'published_year': 'N/A', 'description': 'In a distant future where humanity has colonized the stars, settlements are suddenly going dark. When deep space trackers Gunnison Creek and Uma Salvo begin to investigate, they are swiftly scapegoated and forced to go on the run. Before long, a chilling conspiracy begins to emerge, one that threatens humanity — and all life itself. With the help of a teenage runaway, a celebrity technologist, and a motley assortment of fellow trackers with little respect for authority, Gunn and Salvo begin to fight back. But faced with an ancient and seemingly invincible enemy, that might not be enough. As the walls close in, survival may lie in the one place that has been forgotten for generations. A place called Earth. ----- ★★★★★ "Space opera that reads like a pulse-pounding thriller." ★★★★★ "I could not guess where this story was going. Wonderful characters and twists and turns!" ★★★★★ "It made me fall in love with space stories!!" ★★★★★ "Fantastic non-stop action and a delicious amount of sarcasm." ----- Includes all 8 books in the series (Over 2,000 pages):'}, {'title': 'Boo Hoo Bird (Tankard Bird Picture Books)', 'author': 'Jeremy Tankard', 'average_rating': '3.81', 'ratings_count': '808', 'published_year': '2008', 'description': 'The irresistible Bird takes flight once again in this winning sequel to Jeremy Tankard\'s soaring spring 2007 debut, GRUMPY BIRD. Bird and Raccoon are playing ball, when Bird gets bonked on the head. "Boo hoo hoo!" he cries. What will make Bird feel better? A kiss? A cookie? A Band-Aid? Bird\'s friends Raccoon, Rabbit, Beaver, Sheep, and Fox are full of sweet and funny ideas. Perfectly pitched and hilariously imagined, this charming story about a universal experience will put a smile on the face of every child who has suffered a boo-boo and every parent who has struggled to come up with just the right way to give comfort.'}, {'title': 'The Island of the Skog (Picture Puffin Books)', 'author': 'Steven Kellogg', 'average_rating': '3.99', 'ratings_count': '652', 'published_year': '1973', 'description': "Shout it once! Shout it twice!Friends forever! Skog and mice!Since its publication in 1973, The Island of the Skog has been a favorite of children everywhere-and of the author himself! We're delighted to remind you of this beloved book on its thirtieth birthday.Jenny and her city-mouse friends take to the seas in search of a more peaceful place to live. But when they arrive at what first seems the island of their dreams, they have a giant problem to contend the island's only inhabitant, the Skog. Judging by his enormous footprints, he seems a more terrible threat than a hundred urban cats and dogs. How will the mice master their new domain?Funny, exciting and sweet, The Island of the Skog is a timeless tale of cooperation and compromise. It won the Michigan State Young Readers Award, and was included on Booklist 's Books for Every Child and the CBC Books for Peace list."}, {'title': 'Royal Factions Box Set Books #1-3', 'author': 'W.J. May', 'average_rating': '4.16', 'ratings_count': '308', 'published_year': 'N/A', 'description': "Book 1 - The Price for PeaceHow do you keep fighting when you've already been claimed?When sixteen-year-old Elise is ripped from her home and taken to the royal palace as a permanent 'guest', she thinks her life is over.Little does she know it has only just begun…After befriending a group of other captives, including the headstrong Will, Elise finds herself swept away to a world she never knew existed—polished, sculpted, and refined until she can hardly recognize her own reflection. She should be happy to have escaped the poverty of her former life. But she knows a dark truth.The palace is a dream on the surface, but a nightmare underneath.With a dwindling population, the royals have imprisoned the teenagers to marry and breed. Only seven days remain of freedom before they will be selected by a courtier and forever claimed.Danger lurks around every corner. The only chance of escape is death.But when the day of the claiming finally arrives…the world will never be the same.Book 2 - The Cost for SurvivingIs it really living when you spend your life in a cage…The wait is over, the dust has settled, and the captives have finally been claimed. Elise thought the deadly game was finished, but the more time she spends in the palace, the more she begins to fear the real game has only just begun.In the aftermath of the ceremony, each of the friends try to adjust to their new life. But some are having more trouble than others. Will's perpetual defiance lands him in trouble with the queen herself, while Elise is playing a dangerous balancing act, trying to understand the affections of the prince. The man can be sweet, but also psychotic. At times, he seems to truly care—but with a snap of his fingers, she'd be sentenced to death.Danger is brewing. In the royal court, nothing is as it seems. They are told repeatedly to content themselves with the life for which they've been chosen. But how can you live with monsters without becoming a monster yourself? Is it really a life, or just going through the motions?The more time they spend in the palace, the longer the days drag on, the more a single word keeps rising in each of their minds…escape.Book 3 - The Punishment for DeceptionHow can you move on with the future without surrendering the past?When an escape attempt goes desperately awry, Elise and Will find themselves at the mercy of the very people who have imprisoned them all this time. Tensions sharpen, punishments are severe, and they soon discover what terrible things are required if they wish to survive.But such wild spirits were never meant to be tamed.While appearing to submit, the future princess still dreams of freedom. And as the day of her wedding approaches, those dreams begin to turn into something more.With so many eyes upon her, can she maintain the illusion? Is the crown prince really such a monster, or is there more to him than meets the eye?Time is running out. All that's left are choices.But will she have the strength to decide?Royal FactionsThe Price for Peace – Book 1The Cost for Surviving – Book 2The Punishment for Deception – Book 3Faking Perfection – Book 4The Most Cherished – Book 5The Strength to Endure – Book 6"}, {'title': 'Why I Fight (Richard Jackson Books (Atheneum Hardcover))', 'author': 'J. Adams Oaks', 'average_rating': '3.66', 'ratings_count': '506', 'published_year': '2009', 'description': 'Wyatt Reaves takes the seat next to you, bloodied and soaking wet, and he is a big-fisted beast. Tell him to stretch out like an X across asphalt and you\'ve got a parking space. But Wyatt\'s been taking it lying down for too long, and he is NOT happy.Since he turned twelve and a half, he\'s been living with his uncle, a traveling salesman of mysterious agenda and questionable intent. Soon, Uncle Spade sees the potential in "kiddo" to earn cash. And that\'s enough to keep the boy around for nearly six years.But what life does Wyatt deserve? Alcohol? Drugs? Bare-fisted fights? Tattoos? No friends? No role models? Living in a car?If you\'re brave enough to stay and listen, you\'ll hear an astounding story. It\'s not a pretty road Wyatt has traveled, but growing up rarely is.'}, {'title': 'The Galactic Sentinel: Ultimate Edition: 4 Books with 2000+ Pages of Highly Entertaining Sci-Fi Space Adventure', 'author': 'Killian Carter', 'average_rating': '4.13', 'ratings_count': '339', 'published_year': 'N/A', 'description': 'Grab all 4 books in the thrilling GALACTIC SENTINEL series, in this great value 2000+ page sci-fi box set!Because you know you\xa0love\xa0ancient aliens,\xa0genius\xa0monkeys,\xa0and epic space adventures.Includes a Free New\xa0Exclusive.Jason Grimshaw has one job. Get the cadets to Colony 115. Just another day. Just another milk run.\xa0Or so he thought.When scanners pick up an unidentified alien vessel, it\'s already too late. With his ship blown out from under him, and his crew scattered across a war-torn planet, his day just keeps getting better. The good news? One of the pilots survived. The bad news? She\'s the biggest pain in his ass, and she\'s stranded miles away.When Clio Evans said she wanted to fly for Fleet, crash-landing a starship in hostile territory wasn\'t what she had in mind. She may not be the most experienced pilot, but she sure as hell has a few tricks up her sleeve. With an army standing between her and the rest of her crew, she\'ll have to pull out all the stops, even if it means exposing a secret that\'ll see her hanged for treason.And that\'s just book one!"I have read hundreds of books so far, and I have a list of my most treasured storytellers.\xa0I will be adding this guy with immediate effect." - Kev\xa0Stokes\xa0★★★★★"This book takes the reader through the heavy fighting, the alien technology, and the desperate struggle by the humans to survive. The reader will not soon forget this adventure! And I will be reading more of this story soon." - Conrine Anne Barnes\xa0★★★★★"Killian Carter is a great author and I definitely recommend this book 100 times over. You won’t be sorry to give this author a chance." - Amy Jones\xa0★★★★★"Once you start reading this first installment in the series, you won\'t put it down till the last word on the last page." - Michael R. Slezak\xa0★★★★★Get your copy now\xa0and instantly lose yourself in this truly epic adventure.'}]